src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the customerService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the customerService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:38:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:38:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:39:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:39:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:39:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:39:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/CustomerController.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:34:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:34:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:34:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:34:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealerService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealerService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the validatorService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the validatorService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:50:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:50:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:57:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:57:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:61:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Password includes illegal characters." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:61:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Password includes illegal characters." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:84:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:84:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:100:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Contact number is invalid." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 99
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:100:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Contact number is invalid." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 99
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:104:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Name is invalid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 103
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:104:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Name is invalid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 103
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:125:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:125:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:128:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:128:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:133:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Dealer ID doesn't exist." appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 132
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:133:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Dealer ID doesn't exist." appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 132
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:141:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Incentive range is in an invalid format." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 140
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:141:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Incentive range is in an invalid format." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 140
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:146:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Car doesn't exists." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 145
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:146:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Car doesn't exists." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 145
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:151:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:181:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Deal doesn't exist." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 180
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:181:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Deal doesn't exist." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 180
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:195:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:195:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:206:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:206:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:231:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:231:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:267:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'recordIncentive(int, long, String, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:267:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'recordIncentive(int, long, String, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contactNo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contactNo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'custName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'custName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:269:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:269:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:271:	EqualsNull:	EqualsNull: Avoid using equals() to compare against null
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:271:	EqualsNull:	EqualsNull: Avoid using equals() to compare against null
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:313:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:313:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerById' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerById' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:316:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:316:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:329:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:329:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:341:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:341:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:344:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerByContact' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:344:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerByContact' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:362:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:362:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:372:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:372:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:373:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:373:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveRecords' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveRecords' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/DealerController.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/HomeController.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplication.java:19:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplication.java:19:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplication.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplication.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplication.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplication.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:35:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:35:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:35:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:35:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the manufacturerService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the manufacturerService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like manufacturerService
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like manufacturerService
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the validatorService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the validatorService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:62:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:62:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:71:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:71:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:79:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Manufacturer ID doesn't exist." appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:79:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR : Manufacturer ID doesn't exist." appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:101:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:101:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:148:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:148:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:170:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:170:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:187:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:187:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:213:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:213:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allCars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allCars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:239:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/ManufacturerController.java:239:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Car' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Car' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:8:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Car
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:8:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Car
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Car.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Customer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.263%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Customer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.263%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customerPurchaseDate
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customerPurchaseDate
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customerPurchaseDate
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customerPurchaseDate
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerPurchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerPurchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCarManf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCarManf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customerPurchaseDate
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like customerPurchaseDate
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerPurchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerPurchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCarManf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCarManf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchasedCar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Customer.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Dealer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=7.692%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Dealer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=7.692%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:25:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:25:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerIncentive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Dealer.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerIncentive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Deals' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Deals' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:22:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:22:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealManufacturer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Deals.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:12:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Holidays' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:12:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Holidays' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:16:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'holidayId'.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:16:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'holidayId'.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'holidayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'holidayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'holidayDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Holidays.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'holidayDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Incentive' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.348%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=23)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Incentive' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.348%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=23)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:38:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:38:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveGot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveGot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentivePercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentivePercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'customerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purchaseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentivePercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentivePercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveGot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Incentive.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveGot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Manufacturer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Manufacturer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:23:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:23:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/entities/Manufacturer.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manufacturerPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'msg' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'msg' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:7:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:7:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/FetchEmptyException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:13:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:13:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:19:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:19:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:25:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:25:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/IncentiveSystemExceptionHandler.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'msg' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'msg' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:7:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:7:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/LoginException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'msg' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'msg' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:7:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:7:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/exceptions/ValidationException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CarRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CarRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CarRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CarRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CarRepository.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findByCarManufacturer': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CarRepository.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findByCarManufacturer': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CustomerRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CustomerRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CustomerRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CustomerRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CustomerRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/CustomerRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByDealerName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByDealerName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByDealerContact': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealerRepository.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByDealerContact': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealsRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealsRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealsRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealsRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealsRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/DealsRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByHolidayDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByHolidayDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findByHolidayDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/HolidayRepository.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findByHolidayDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/IncentiveRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/IncentiveRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/IncentiveRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/IncentiveRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/IncentiveRepository.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/IncentiveRepository.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/ManufacturerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/ManufacturerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/ManufacturerRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/ManufacturerRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/ManufacturerRepository.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByManufacturerName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repositories/ManufacturerRepository.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'existsByManufacturerName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:23:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:23:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/CustomerService.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:31:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:31:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:33:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:33:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:33:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:33:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'validationSuccess' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'validationSuccess' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:39:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'incentiveObj' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:39:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'incentiveObj' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:40:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'customerObj' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:40:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'customerObj' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:67:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:67:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '85'-'100').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '85'-'100').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '86'-'92').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '86'-'92').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'holidays' (lines '87'-'100').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'holidays' (lines '87'-'100').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checker' (lines '89'-'89').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checker' (lines '89'-'89').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checker' (lines '89'-'100').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checker' (lines '89'-'100').
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'checker' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:99:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:99:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:99:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:99:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'variableInc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'variableInc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:102:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:102:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:114:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:114:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:116:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:116:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:117:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:117:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:119:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:119:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:146:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:146:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:162:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:162:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:177:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:177:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:184:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:184:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contactNo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contactNo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'custName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'custName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:197:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:197:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveRange' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveRange' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealerName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealerName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cost' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cost' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existingIncentive' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existingIncentive' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minInc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minInc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxInc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxInc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incPercent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incPercent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveGot' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveGot' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:219:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:219:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:222:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:222:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/DealerService.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:20:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:20:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:21:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'validationSuccess' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:21:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'validationSuccess' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mObj field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mObj field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:23:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the cObj field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the cObj field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dObj field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dObj field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the manRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the manRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the carRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the carRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:30:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:30:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealsRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealsRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:40:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:40:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:42:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:42:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:43:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:43:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mPass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:58:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:58:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:72:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:72:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:87:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:87:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:99:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:99:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:119:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ManufacturerService.java:119:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:25:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:25:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:27:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:27:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:29:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:29:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the manRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the manRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealerRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealerRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the carRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the carRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:35:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:35:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealsRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealsRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:38:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:38:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:39:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:39:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:40:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:40:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:41:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:41:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dealModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'incentiveRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minRange' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minRange' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxRange' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxRange' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:137:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:137:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'period' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'period' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:153:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:153:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:165:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:165:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:173:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:173:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:194:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:194:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carBasePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carMsp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:221:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/services/ValidatorService.java:221:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:10:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the contextLoads method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:10:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the contextLoads method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:10:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:10:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/IncentiveSystemApplicationTests.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the carRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the carRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'car' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'car' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:34:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 500000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:34:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 500000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:35:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 700000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:35:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 700000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allCar' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CarRepositoryTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allCar' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerById' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerById' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerByContact' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerByContact' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:40:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/CustomerRepositoryTest.java:40:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:32:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:32:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealerRepositoryTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealsRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dealsRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealsByStatus' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealsByStatus' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealsByManufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealsByManufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like dealsByManufacturer
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/DealsRepositoryTest.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like dealsByManufacturer
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the holidayRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the holidayRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/HolidayRepositoryTest.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the incentiveRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the incentiveRepo field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveByDealerId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveByDealerId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like incentiveByDealerId
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/IncentiveRepositoryTest.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like incentiveByDealerId
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturerInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturerInDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturerFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturerFromDb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like manufacturerFromDb
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like manufacturerFromDb
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/repository/ManufacturerRepositoryTest.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:30:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'customerService'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:30:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'customerService'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:33:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'customerRepo'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:33:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'customerRepo'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:39:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:39:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:47:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 700000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:47:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 700000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'approvedDeals' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deals' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/CustomerServiceTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deals' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:30:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'dealerService'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:30:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'dealerService'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:33:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'dealerRepo'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:33:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'dealerRepo'.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dealer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:43:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:43:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveById' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incentiveById' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerById' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerById' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerByContact' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerByContact' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:68:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/DealerServiceTest.java:68:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 900478930 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like manufacturerService
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like manufacturerService
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manufacturer' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allCars' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allCars' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allDeals' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/groupthree/incentivesystem/service/ManufacturerServiceTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allDeals' could be declared final
